one day while you were working the office came this mail
orione baby
the goalkeeper of the lyon
because it is a crime but to do all the work you are unable to do
I have to come
every Friday seven in the morning to 11 at night
works on Saturdays
the block remembered that it is necessary to see what lies ahead for what they see
it's not fair
it may have escaped
I would say that it rebounded with
so that you like me
the roof of the pp that he hates so much
the old product ideal the product which means that he can
people from all over Colombia began to let off steam and crack their
bosses sending videos testimonies and photos creating a huge community of
dissenters who found on this page a kind of group therapy
25 years old and I arrived and I have 25 years of experience and that's what
have it exist the voice to voice of the page soon equaled sme
they who reported the appearance of this curious pages that made
news not only in Colombia but the international press without being there
Subject wants to tell you many things and does not dare
I was so interested in the internet on a page where employees can
tell their superiors everything they feel for them with videos stories and
photos you still have to be fair with him was the back of people
this base through the network two weeks later when the page
reached a record of more than 50 thousand visitors when entering the
I found this video
bp will pay to repeat because I think it was viable
Now I'm fine
for the moment when he is fourth in the general
in this way pp sources
I'm not going to his boss back as he managed to position the bt50 evil as the pike
to start your own business becoming independent
the campaign was revealed in printed ads wedges radio billboards iván is
online that motivated all employees to become their
own boss with the help of the 20 50 this campaign not only managed to maximize
the impact of a small budget but it achieved record sales
generating millions in triples in just 10 days the campaign achieved 54 thousand 749
triple-double visits a point I hate my dotcom boss in a country where the
Internet penetration and only 9%
it's only the first month marta exceeded all expectations in sales its
average units of the month increased to 235 percent went from
sell 170 units to sell 400 units in the month
the campaign not only consolidated the leadership in badness bt50 but what
reason
many people become independent to start their own business